---
title: Who am I?
tags: [Efe Can Kara, KARSTERR, About]
style: fill
color: secondary
comments: false
description: There is a change to know me better
---

![]../assets/img/pp.jpeg)

## Who Am I?

Hey, I’m Efe Can Kara—or as most people know me, KARSTERR. I’m 21 and currently in my third year at Sivas Cumhuriyet University, studying Computer Systems and Information Technologies. But let’s be real, my tech obsession started way before uni.

### What I'm Into?

I’m super into backend and mobile development. Right now, I’m deep-diving into backend stuff like PHP and PostgreSQL, learning how to build systems that are both efficient and scalable. On the mobile side, I’m figuring out how to create apps that are not just useful but also fun to use.

Outside of that, I’ve got a soft spot for IoT projects and C++ programming. It’s kind of my go-to when I feel like experimenting and solving problems just for the fun of it. I enjoy tackling challenges that let me push my boundaries and think outside the box.

### My Chill Side

When I’m not coding, you’ll probably find me jamming on my bass guitar. Music is a huge part of my life, and it’s how I recharge after long hours of staring at screens. I’ve been playing for a few years now, and it’s always exciting to learn new songs or even improvise my own.

Gaming is another favorite—nothing like diving into a good game to blow off some steam. Whether it’s a competitive shooter or a story-driven RPG, gaming lets me unwind and connect with friends in a different way. And, of course, I’m always up for hanging out with friends in real life too, whether it’s grabbing coffee, exploring new spots, or just chilling and catching up.

### What I'm Working On?


